    1.Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?
	np.sqrt() is the best since it gives me the best p value and when i use this data to caculate levene, it gives me a ok value.

    2. I gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week test, and the Mann-Whitney test were actually testing. Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed data T-test. That is, describe what the conclusion would be if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.
	For original T-test
		Null hypothesis: The number of comments on weekday and weekend are same for Canada in 2012 and 2013  
		Alternate hypothesis: The number of comments on weekday and weekend are NOT same for Canada 2012 and 2013
		
		Since we are rejecting the null hypothesis, then we accept the alternate hypothesis where comments on weekday and weekend are NOT same for Canada 2012 and 2013

	For transformed data  T-test
		Null hypothesis: The square root number of comments on weekday and weekend are same for Canada in 2012 and 2013 
		Alternate hypothesis: The number square root of comments on weekday and weekend are NOT same for Canada 2012 and 2013 
		
		Since we are rejecting the null hypothesis, then we accept the alternate hypotheses where the sqare root of comments on weekday and weekend are NOT same for Canada 2012 and 2013
	


    3.Of the four approaches, which do you think actually does a better job of getting an answer for the original question: “are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends?” Briefly explain why. (It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer to this question.)

	Central Limit theorem is the best approaches since its giving me the best normality p-values and equal-variance p-value. Also due to the nature of CLT, the sample means is converging to a normal distibution as the data increase larger.

    
    4.When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on average weekdays or weekends? 
	I have a 191243.8 for weekday and 133161.0 for weekend which means there are more reddit post in weekday
